
What personal data do we collect ?

Various information is collected in different areas of the website;
what follows is an overview of the data we keep:

Firstly, we record your email address, name and postal address.
Secondly we give you a unique customer ID. This ID will be used to 
add additional information related to your Mandrake account such as:
    - Your subscription to mailling lists.
    - When registering a purchased product, we ask for personal
information as well as system/hardware details so that we may deliver
the best support services customized to your needs.
    - On our donation page and on our online store (MandrakeStore), we
record data for billing purpose (we do not store any credit card data).


What do we do with this information?

We never share personal information with other persons or companies -
we use this data strictly for the following purposes:
    - If you have subscribed to a mailing list, we keep this email
address in our database to provide you with customized information
and/or to enable you to participate in discussions in various mailing
lists. If you send a message to such a list, other people will see
your email address but no external parties have access to our database
of subscribers. At any time you may unsubscribe to any list by using
the appropriate form.
    - If you provide information when registering a purchased product
to receive support, we keep this information private unless the
information is required by one of our partners to deliver the support
you require.
    - If you use MandrakeStore, we also use your Customer ID to track
your order and deliver your products.
    - If you provide use with marketing information, we keep it for 
internal use only in order to improve our products so that they can 
better fit your needs whether you have purchased a product or not.


How to change / correct your personal data?

French law gives individuals the right to access, correct, modify or 
remove their own personal data that we have on record. We offer this 
as a worldwide privilege. You may execute this right at any time by 
logging to your account with your customer ID and editing your
personnal data. You can log on to this page: http://www.mandrakeonline.net
